[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hi, everybody.
Jay Weidner here.
We are back today
with Jason Rice.
As I remember, you were
involved in a military action
on a planet, and you met
these werewolf-type creatures.
What were you doing
on the planet?
>>JASON RICE: Our unit
was there for the purpose
of helping to train the
planetary population because we
didn't number enough
to do all the fighting.
And part of our mandate
was that we weren't going
to do all of the fighting.
We were there to help
get them ready to defend
their own planet, help them
prepare as far as supplies,
help their defenses, organizing
their people into fighting
battalions or units so
that they could put up
a defense for the false flag
invasions that they were under.
>>JAY: Who was behind
the false flag invasion?
>>RICE: The Draco,
the AI, the Archons.
They ultimately were the
ones calling the shots
on these invasions,
these false flags.
>>JAY: And the Dracos,
the Archons, and AI,
are they three separate
groups or entities
working together, or what?
>>RICE: It's my
belief that the AI
calls the shots for the
Archons as well as the Draco.
>>JAY: Who made this
AI, do you know?
>>RICE: I have no idea.
It was probably
something that was
part of the balance, part of the
balance on a universal scale.
In order for light
to prevail, it
needs to have a challenge,
the challenge being the AI.
>>JAY: I want to get back
to this battle for a second,
but first, I want to talk about
this planet that you were on.
Do you have a name
for this planet?
>>RICE: I've been referring
to it as Planet One,
because I have not recalled
the name of that planet yet.
And most of the references
that we used were numbers.
>>JAY: Typical military.
>>RICE: Typical military.
>>JAY: Don't want you
to know until it's
time for you to know.
>>RICE: That's right.
And we didn't have a
need to know the name.
>>JAY: Is there any significance
to the military or anybody
to naming the planet Planet One?
>>RICE: I refer to
it as Planet One
because of my own experiences
on this planet being
the first exoplanet that
I had been deployed to,
aside from the moon and Mars.
>>JAY: So you were
on this planet.
How did you get involved
with this battle?
>>RICE: We were in
particular city that
was right on one of the
larger lakes, the lake
being about the size
of the Gulf of Mexico.
This particular planet was about
2% larger than Earth, however,
the difference
being in that it was
that there were 60% of the
planet constituted landmass.
So the other 40% was water,
and there was no salt water.
It was all fresh.
And so they had two moons.
One of them, we called The
Potato, because of its shape
and it was a pale yellow.
The other one we
called Nike because
of how quickly it moved,
and it was like a light red.
We were stationed
within a city, Area 26,
to gather intelligence,
to get information
on the local population
because what we had to do
was we had to train them.
And so the information we
needed was, OK, well, how
is their civilization set up?
What kind of structures do
they have for government?
What kind of trading
do they have?
What kind of manufacturing
What are the possibilities
for city defense?
What kind of resources
do they have available?
And that was when we had the
kinetic energy weapon attack.
We'd been told as
part of our training
that one of their
typical MOs was
to bombard the poles
to raise the water
levels throughout the
planet and try and flood out
the coastal areas.
>>JAY: Did they do
that, flood the planet?
>>RICE: Of course they did.
Yes, they did.
>>JAY: A lot of
people died there.
>>RICE: A lot of people died.
>>JAY: Most people
live on the coast.
>>RICE: My estimates are
that about half the planetary
population died from the
war over a 40-year period.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RICE: When we got
there, it was started out
at about 2 billion.
And so about a billion
lives lost during that war.
>>JAY: So then these werewolf
creatures, when do they arrive?
Were they, like, the leading
army for this invasion?
>>RICE: They were the
army for this invasion.
The civilization
on Planet One was
about where we were during
the Industrial Revolution.
They didn't have
widespread wars,
and so they did not have
a military, or a defense
contracting, or defensive base.
This was all pre-large
industrialized society.
And so part of our job was
there to help them prepare,
and adapting their
existing technologies
to creating weapons.
There was one area on
that particular planet
that had weapons, although
they weren't at active war.
And so that one area was what
we used for the manufacture
of their local weapons because
our policies were that we
weren't going to introduce
advanced technologies,
and the reasons being, at
least what they told us--
and I have my own
thoughts on why--
but what they told
us was that they
didn't want to upset the
existing civilization too
much with too many
advanced technologies.
And so what we did
was we helped them
with their existing
technologies,
which also meant that it limited
how much advanced technologies
we were allowed to use.
And I know now that part of that
was the deliberate hand tying
of those in control so that
the planetary populations would
be deliberately reduced and
the leadership of the planet
would be receptive to
the control measures that
were eventually put in place.
>>JAY: So you're
saying that whoever
sent you in knew
deliberately, did not
provide the necessary
defense weapons for them
to successfully
defend themselves
against these terrible
creatures that were coming,
and they did it on
purpose to reduce
the population, all the time
making it out that you guys are
the good guys?
>>RICE: That's correct.
They knew the end game was
going to be a large planetary
reduction in population.
Their plans were
that they were going
to reduce it enough until
the leadership of the planet
was open to the financial
controls, the controlling
governments, the controls
that they wanted to instill
in place so that
they could eventually
have control of the planet.
>>JAY: Power move.
>>RICE: Power move.
>>JAY: I think we can
basically say that you were
foot soldiers for the Cabal.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: And so the Cabal is
doing something on this planet.
What is the ultimate goal
for the Cabal on this planet?
>>RICE: Well, if you'll
recall, the agreement
that the Cabal had
with the Mars Germans
was that they would provide
24,000 soldiers to the Mars
Germans who had an
agreement with the Draco
to get out of their
moon base lease
that they would provide 12
of their carrier fleet units
and tens of
thousands of soldiers
to be used on what they
referred to as border control.
For the Draco, this meant
expanding their borders.
And so using these foot
soldiers on these planets
to establish a much faster
means for planetary control.
They didn't want to have
to wait 2,000 years.
They didn't want
to have to delay
for the planetary populations to
work through their technology,
to work on their
social structures,
to come up with
planetary governments,
and the hundreds,
if not thousands,
of years in which a normal
civilization progresses,
they didn't want to wait.
So this was a quick
way of doing it.
They introduce a
false flag invasion.
We show up.
Hey, we're here to help.
We'll help you
defend your planet.
The cost of doing
that was they turn
over control of their planet.
>>JAY: You mentioned that
the enemy were the Dracos.
And so who were
these werewolves?
>>RICE: These werewolves
were creations by the Draco
as their proxy to do whatever
they needed them to do.
And so the Draco line of
thinking is, why in the world
would they put
themselves at risk when
they have their proxies that
are more than willing to do it,
which included us as
well as their creations,
these werewolves?
>>JAY: And we already
have programs and DARPA.
And the Russians
are also working
on creating artificial
soldiers right now.
So it's already--
>>RICE: --already occurring.
Yep.
>>JAY: All right.
So now you are, what,
headed to your first battle?
You must have heard reports of
these creatures slaughtering
people?
I mean, why don't you
describe them again?
>>RICE: The briefings that
we received were incomplete,
and they were deliberately
incomplete because they wanted
us to, again, lose people.
Part of their tactics was
to have a large percentage
of the population lost.
So the briefings
that we received
were filled with gaps, holes.
It didn't have information
on what or whom
or the technology
levels of what we
would be facing other
than that we were going
to have an invasion force.
So we were out
doing a patrol, just
like we had done any
number of days before,
probing the area to see if we
ended up having a reaction,
and came in contact.
Me and eight others from my
unit were embedded in a native--
we called them the
Indigs is what we
refer to them as-- indigenous.
We were embedded in
a platoon-sized unit
of about 40 people, and were
doing a platoon movement.
I was on the outskirts
of a larger city.
Now you have to
understand these cities
that we were operating in did
not have any large skyscrapers.
The way that this
civilization operated
was that, when they needed
more space, they spread out.
And the way that their
civilization was based
was it was-- you know,
initially was based on trade
and did not have a
financial system.
They did not have
any fiat currency.
That was later introduced.
>>JAY: By you?
By you guys, right?
>>RICE: By the commanding
staff as part of one
of the requirements for--
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RICE: Yes.
That was part of the control.
And so they had a really
stable civilization
before we showed up to help
them with this invasion.
First contact-- we
were out on a patrol.
My unit was embedded in
this platoon-sized element,
and we were on the
outskirts of a larger city.
And the first
indication something
was going wrong was the
enemy had opened, I believe,
prematurely because we were
crossing a large avenue of one
of their roads.
And about a third
of the platoon was
exposed on the road
when they opened up.
And if they'd waited until
we were all in the open,
they would have had
much better results.
But thankfully, they didn't.
Next to the road was this
18-inch deep little ditch.
It felt like a scratched
out piece of the Earth.
Didn't feel like it
was 18 inches deep.
So most of us were able
to take cover there.
Behind us was a building about
30 by 15 by three stories.
It was a smaller commercial
building, stone block.
And so to our front were
off in the distance more
like huts, residential huts.
And those were too far to make
it too and not really providing
much in the way of cover,
even if we'd wanted to.
So the SOP was to fall back
to a structure that would
have provided us with cover.
And this being
the first contact,
we wanted to fall back into
that commercial building.
So we moved into it
and returned fire,
covering the bounding groups
that worked their way back
into the building.
>>JAY: Were they just
firing from a ship?
>>RICE: They were firing
from the other side
of the road in a forested area.
And so at first, we
couldn't see them,
and it was just mostly shadows.
And we couldn't
tell who and what.
>>JAY: But you must
have had intel that--
telling you what they looked
like previously, right?
>>RICE: No.
This is part of the gap.
>>JAY: This is the very
first encounter then?
>>RICE: The very
first encounter.
And my suspicion is that they
had very detailed information
on what they looked like,
but we didn't get it.
They kept it from
us, again, in order
to keep the casualty numbers up.
>>JAY: So then they were
firing from the woods?
What kind of weapons
were they firing?
>>RICE: Found out later that
they were a cryogenic type
weapon and--
>>JAY: Cryogenic.
>>RICE: Cryogenic.
>>JAY: So freezing cold, what?
>>RICE: It used in a
cryogenic substance.
And given the level of
our current technology
that we have here,
I don't want to get
into how they work because
some of it could be duplicated,
and that's not the purpose
of what I'm coming forward.
And the last thing
I want to do is
provide another
weapon for people
to hurt other people with.
>>JAY: Fair enough.
>>RICE: But they were
cryogenically operated.
They were a bladed,
projectile type.
So it had built into
it a large blade.
And aside from
that, these beings
had large claws on their
feet as well as their hands.
They were bipedal.
They were about eight
to nine feet tall.
They were a cross
between a machine
and biological material.
You could see tubes or hoses
or mechanical type joints
in between their armor.
They had black skin.
They had tufts of gray or
dark gray or black fur.
They had a shortened
snout full of teeth
that they used to great effect.
But our first exposure to
them was after we'd all
made it into the building.
Myself and the platoon
leader went up to the roof,
and we were returning
fire across the road.
And when I got to the roof,
I started hearing people
screaming, oh my god.
What the heck is that?
And of course, they
were a lot more colorful
about their descriptions
because, you know,
we'd never seen
these things before.
And they moved at a really--
what would be for a human--
a really fast walk.
But that was the
extent of their pace,
and they always moved that fast.
However, they were
capable of jumping
incredible distances,
which we found out
very shortly on that first day.
When they reached the
side of a building,
they never tried getting
into the first floor where
we had people firing at them.
They jumped from the ground up
to the top of the third floor
and attacked us up on the roof.
>>JAY: Wow.
So they weren't real
fast, but they could leap.
>>RICE: They could leap.
And we found out also, once
they got within melee range,
they dropped their
weapons because it
was harnessed to them.
And so then they would
use their claws or teeth.
And at first I
thought, OK, gosh.
These guys are
really, really dumb.
But then after thinking about it
and realizing later that these
were created beings--
and as part of the AI's attempt
to create as many trigger
pullers as possible--
they didn't have to program
them with high intelligence
because they didn't need it.
They just needed beings that
were going to be pulling
triggers.
And so part of the
problem was that in order
to have a high
tactical ability, you
have to determine
what targets to shoot
at when you're at close range,
so you don't hit your own.
They eliminated that
aspect altogether.
So they dropped their
weapons and went
to claws and teeth or blades.
So they didn't have to
worry about the tactics of,
OK, if I shoot at this enemy
and my person or my team
is close by, I
have to watch out.
They didn't have to worry
about those algorithms.
>>JAY: They just
dropped their weapon
and started ripping
everything up.
And then, of course,
psychologically that
has to be--
>>RICE: Terrible.
Terribly scary.
Because you've
got this nine foot
beast coming at you trying to--
what we thought at
first-- was eat you.
And it wasn't until
later we realized
that, no, it wasn't to eat us.
It was just to eliminate us.
>>JAY: They didn't take
prisoners or anything?
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: Did you take prisoners?
>>RICE: We tried.
Another part of
their programming
was that they would
fight to the very last,
and it was just another
proof of how alien they were.
There was no surrender.
We had no POWs.
You know, part of the cleanup
process at the end of the war
generally would involve
taking care of the POWs.
And there weren't any because
they would not surrender,
and they would fight with
every last bit of energy
that they had.
That was part of
their programming.
It was very scary--
terrifying at first.
You know, some of the
exclamations when they--
because I wasn't at the wall,
the parapet wall on the roof
when they first emerged
from the treeline
on the other side of the road.
But I understood very
quickly when I got there
why there were so many people
scared going, what in the world
are we fighting?
>>JAY: How many of
them were there?
>>RICE: In that first
wave, there were about 50.
>>JAY: And how many of you?
There weren't very many of you.
>>RICE: 40 of us.
And we found out really
quickly that the .38
sized automatic weapons
that we were using
were pretty ineffective
in taking them down.
The secondary
weapons that we had
were about a .50 caliber,
except they were a single shot.
It was a semiautomatic, but
it wasn't fully automatic.
The magazine carried
about five rounds.
Problem was that we only had
about 15 rounds per person.
And so the first wave of
about 50 came through,
and we defended our position
after that first wave
and quickly caught on that
our standard weapons weren't
effective.
And people started
using their secondaries.
And after you start shooting
at something and nothing's
happening, you've
got to go to plan B.
And so the second wave
was about the same size.
We found out that there was one
commander for about every 15
to 20 soldiers, foot soldiers.
And they were the only ones
that took their eyes off of us.
The foot soldiers--
the trigger pullers--
never took their eyes off of us.
They were there were like
a fire-and-forget weapon,
and that's exactly
what they were.
There was large
numbers of them that
would just come until
they either wiped us
out or were wiped out.
>>JAY: All right.
So you're outgunned,
you're outnumbered,
and they're bigger
and stronger than you.
How did you win?
>>RICE: That's a
great question, Jay.
And we weren't
necessarily outgunned
because eventually
we would have had
to have used our
advanced technology,
or we would have lost.
So at , first they wouldn't
allow us to use the advanced
technology.
And when they did,
it was very limited.
Now how did we win?
They were programmed
from the beginning
have deficiencies because
they weren't intended to win.
These false flag invaders
were intended to lose.
They'd planned on them losing.
Because the Draco looked at
planetary conquering as they
had to have the
populations there
because they wanted somebody
to control to begin with.
And the planetary population
had to ask and invite them.
And so they didn't
want to wipe them out.
Because what would be the
purpose of wiping out somebody
that you're wanting to conquer?
And so sending in these
false flag invaders--
from the beginning, they
planned on them losing.
The process of going through
planetary population reduction
was what they'd intended on
happening from the beginning.
>>JAY: So the
Cabal and the Draco
are actually working together.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: And creating a
theatrical operation
designed to advance the
planet quickly into the realms
that the Cabal wants.
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: I guess you must
have figured out how
to take them out eventually.
>>RICE: Eventually.
What we first were trained
to do was center mass.
Shoot the center mass.
You know, you try
and make a head shot.
It's moving around too quickly.
It's really, really hard to do.
So you aim for center mass.
And with what they called
the charge stopper--
because, again, it
was a local weapon,
and it was about the
equivalent to a .50 cal
and about the size of
a sawed off shotgun.
And they used them
for to stop charges.
And it worked.
>>JAY: Up close it
would be very effective.
>>RICE: Yeah.
Very effective up close.
You couldn't get much
of distance on it.
But it meant that you got it
within arm's reach of this nine
foot werewolf that was using
teeth, claws, and everything
else at its disposal
to try and kill you.
>>JAY: When it came down
hand-to-hand combat,
did they use tactics like
animals here on Earth
and that kind of thing?
>>RICE: Yes.
Yes.
They would try
and grab your arms
and jump up with their feet.
>>JAY: And use their weight?
>>RICE: Use their weight.
Dig their claws in.
Of course, we didn't know
any of this at first.
And as, you know,
trial by fire, you
learn the lessons the hard way.
And eventually,
we figured it out.
There were a lot of things that
we figured out the hard way
that they could have told
us about, but they didn't.
Part of our
camouflage and systems
were ineffective above
two or three people
because the electronic
signatures were picked up.
We found that out the hard way.
In fact, my unit
went about setting up
some tests where we had
the holographic camouflage
systems that we used--
we kept wondering how in the
world were they localizing us?
You know, we're effectively
camouflaged, supposedly,
from infrared and signals
as well as visual.
>>JAY: And we're going to
get in a later episode.
>>RICE: Sure.
>>JAY: The whole camouflage
suit and everything.
Very interesting.
So this battle is going,
and you guys at first
are losing because
you're so surprised
by the ferocity of your enemy.
And then, what, you
eventually figured out
that using the .50 cal up
close was your only hope.
>>RICE: Yep, which is
basically a 12 gauge slug shot.
And that was what was working.
And so once we
realized that, the word
went out to the
rest of the platoon.
We'd already lost about
eight people at that point.
And so with the second wave,
we were able to take them down
with those secondary weapons.
The third wave was, I
figured, about a hundred
of them that came at one time.
They didn't waste
much time in between.
And so that was the scariest
part of it because most of us
were out of weapons,
out of ammo.
I ran out of ammo and ended
up going hand-to-hand.
And I don't recall much of
the latter part of the combat
because it just
happened so quickly.
I remember seeing
people fall down
less than 10 feet away from me.
I was injured.
I had multiple injuries,
and I can't tell you
when or how it happened.
>>JAY: And did you have like
other weapons around you
to assist you with hand-to-hand?
>>RICE: We had
our combat knives.
>>JAY: Yeah.
That's all you had?
>>RICE: That was it.
We had fixed
bayonets, so we were
able to use our rifles
as a spear, if you will,
to only so much effect.
But working in teams
was the best defenses
that we could come up
with because, you know,
one-on-one we were no match.
>>JAY: I was going to say,
just the reach alone--
>>RICE: The reach alone.
>>JAY: --would be--
>>RICE: The eight
of us, nine of us,
including myself,
that were there
that had the nanite enhancements
stood a much better chance
of defending ourselves alone
than the other soldiers that
didn't have those
nanite enhancements.
>>JAY: So you eventually
defeated them,
and you had to kill them
down to the last creature.
>>RICE: Down to
the last creature.
There were multiple times
throughout that four years
where clean up or follow
on troops or reinforcements
would show up, and
everybody'd be gone.
Everybody, down to the last man.
And they were all
out of ammunition.
And once they got down to the
last very few people, that
was one of their tactics is
that they would wear you down
until you were
out of ammunition,
and then you were
at hand-to-hand.
And in a hand-to-hand,
they had the advantage.
>>JAY: Did they later
rectify the situation
by allowing you to have
more ammunition when
you went on rounds?
>>RICE: They increased
our standard load.
They increased it from 15 to 30.
But there are still
limits on how much
the soldiers could carry.
Having the nanite enhancements
allowed us to carry a lot more.
If they'd allowed us to
use our combat armor suits,
things would have
gone very different.
>>JAY: So when you guys
got back to headquarters,
were you all POed?
>>RICE: We were very
upset because where's
the intelligence?
Where's the information
on who we're facing
and what we're facing?
And we were told suck it up.
>>JAY: In a way, they were
developing you, though,
by forcing you into areas where
you had to be super tough.
And then they'd pick out the
tough guys and the tougher
guys, and then they could
lead other platoons, right?
>>RICE: Combat Darwinism.
>>JAY: Combat Darwinism.
That's pretty funny.
Well, Jason, it's been really
good having you on our show
again.
I really appreciate all
the great information
you're giving us.
We're going to get
back to your adventures
on this planet and this
war in our next episode.
I just want to
thank you for having
the guts to come forward.
>>RICE: Well, thank
you for having me.
And you know, one of the
things I wanted to close out
with is it truly is a blessing
to be able to help bring
about, in whatever
way, disclosure,
which is what we're here for.
So thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> A lot of these
hybridization programs,
some things do leak out.
And that will change the
entire ecosystem of a planet.
>> They are so heavily invested
in machine or computer-type
technology.
Do they have a soul?
I don't know that answer.
>> And what happened is they
started getting every type
of DNA on the planet and seeing
which ones would be the easiest
to fill the gaps
in the human DNA.